#
# This file is autogenerated by pip-compile
# To update, run:
#
#    pip-compile --no-index --output-file requirements.txt requirements.in
#
aldryn-bootstrap3==1.3.0
    # via -r requirements.in
cmsplugin-filer==1.1.3
    # via -r requirements.in
decorator==4.4.0
    # via
    #   ipython
    #   traitlets
django-appconf==1.0.3
    # via
    #   aldryn-bootstrap3
    #   cmsplugin-filer
django-classy-tags==0.9.0
    # via
    #   django-cms
    #   django-sekizai
django-cms-articles==1.3.0
    # via -r requirements.in
django-cms==3.6.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   aldryn-bootstrap3
    #   cmsplugin-filer
    #   django-cms-articles
    #   djangocms-attributes-field
    #   djangocms-googlemap
    #   djangocms-link
    #   djangocms-snippet
    #   djangocms-style
    #   djangocms-text-ckeditor
    #   djangocms-video
django-countries==5.3.3
    # via -r requirements.in
django-filer==1.5.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   aldryn-bootstrap3
    #   cmsplugin-filer
    #   django-cms-articles
    #   djangocms-googlemap
    #   djangocms-video
django-formtools==2.1
    # via django-cms
django-ganalytics==0.7.0
    # via -r requirements.in
django-haystack==2.7.0
    # via -r requirements.in
django-js-asset==1.2.2
    # via django-mptt
django-localflavor==1.6.2
    # via -r requirements.in
django-mptt==0.9.1
    # via django-filer
django-polymorphic==2.0.3
    # via django-filer
django-sekizai==1.0.0
    # via
    #   cmsplugin-filer
    #   django-cms
django-staticfiles-downloader==0.1.5
    # via -r requirements.in
django-template-admin==1.0.2
    # via -r requirements.in
django-treebeard==4.3
    # via django-cms
django-verified-email-field==1.5.1
    # via -r requirements.in
django==1.11.21
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   cmsplugin-filer
    #   django-appconf
    #   django-classy-tags
    #   django-cms
    #   django-filer
    #   django-formtools
    #   django-ganalytics
    #   django-haystack
    #   django-localflavor
    #   django-mptt
    #   django-polymorphic
    #   django-sekizai
    #   django-treebeard
    #   easy-thumbnails
djangocms-admin-style==1.4.0
    # via django-cms
djangocms-attributes-field==1.1.0
    # via
    #   aldryn-bootstrap3
    #   cmsplugin-filer
    #   djangocms-link
    #   djangocms-style
    #   djangocms-video
djangocms-googlemap==1.3.0
    # via -r requirements.in
djangocms-link==2.4.0
    # via -r requirements.in
djangocms-snippet==2.2.0
    # via -r requirements.in
djangocms-style==2.2.0
    # via -r requirements.in
djangocms-text-ckeditor==3.8.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   aldryn-bootstrap3
djangocms-video==2.1.1
    # via -r requirements.in
easy-thumbnails==2.6
    # via
    #   cmsplugin-filer
    #   django-filer
html5lib==1.0.1
    # via djangocms-text-ckeditor
ipython-genutils==0.2.0
    # via traitlets
ipython==5.8.0
    # via -r requirements.in
mysqlclient==1.4.2.post1
    # via -r requirements.in
pexpect==4.7.0
    # via ipython
pickleshare==0.7.5
    # via ipython
pillow==8.2.0
    # via
    #   djangocms-text-ckeditor
    #   easy-thumbnails
prompt-toolkit==1.0.16
    # via ipython
psycopg2-binary==2.8.2
    # via -r requirements.in
ptyprocess==0.6.0
    # via pexpect
pygments==2.4.2
    # via ipython
python-dateutil==2.8.0
    # via django-cms-articles
python-memcached==1.59
    # via -r requirements.in
pytz==2019.1
    # via
    #   django
    #   django-staticfiles-downloader
raven==6.10.0
    # via -r requirements.in
simplegeneric==0.8.1
    # via ipython
six==1.12.0
    # via
    #   django-appconf
    #   html5lib
    #   prompt-toolkit
    #   python-dateutil
    #   python-memcached
    #   traitlets
traitlets==4.3.2
    # via ipython
unidecode==1.0.23
    # via django-filer
uwsgi==2.0.18
    # via -r requirements.in
wcwidth==0.1.7
    # via prompt-toolkit
webencodings==0.5.1
    # via html5lib
